<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task-management">
    <title>How to Create and Manage Tasks</title>
    <shortdesc>
        <p>Learn how to create and manage tasks in <b>Productivity Plus</b> to stay organized and efficient.</p>
    </shortdesc>
    <prereq>
        <p>Before you begin, ensure that you have installed <b>Productivity Plus</b> and have an active account.</p>
    </prereq>
    <steps>
        <step>
            <cmd>Create a new task:</cmd>
            <substeps>
                <substep>
                    <cmd>Open <b>Productivity Plus</b> and navigate to the task management section.</cmd>
                </substep>
                <substep>
                    <cmd>Click the "New Task" button.</cmd>
                </substep>
                <substep>
                    <cmd>Enter the task name in the "Task Name" field.</cmd>
                </substep>
                <substep>
                    <cmd>Optionally, add a description, due date, and assign labels.</cmd>
                </substep>
                <substep>
                    <cmd>Click "Save" to create the task.</cmd>
                </substep>
            </substeps>
        </step>
        <step>
            <cmd>Manage existing tasks:</cmd>
            <substeps>
                <substep>
                    <cmd>To edit a task, click on the task name in the task list.</cmd>
                </substep>
                <substep>
                    <cmd>Make the necessary changes and click "Save".</cmd>
                </substep>
                <substep>
                    <cmd>To delete a task, click the "Delete" button next to the task name and confirm the deletion.</cmd>
                </substep>
                <substep>
                    <cmd>To mark a task as complete, check the box next to the task name.</cmd>
                </substep>
            </substeps>
        </step>
    </steps>
    <result>
        <p>By following these steps, you can efficiently create and manage tasks in <b>Productivity Plus</b>, ensuring that you stay organized and on top of your responsibilities.</p>
    </result>
    <example>
        <title>Example</title>
        <p>For a detailed walkthrough, watch the following video guide: <xref href="task-management-video-guide" scope="external" format="html">Task Management Video Guide</xref>.</p>
    </example>
</task>
