<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="getting-started">
    <title>How to Install Productivity Plus</title>
    <shortdesc> Learn how to install <b>Productivity Plus</b> with this step-by-step guide. Follow
        these instructions to download the installer, run the installation wizard, and launch the
        application on your system. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq id="prereq_owh_q1p_qbc">
            <p>To install <b>Productivity Plus</b>, you must have access to the official website to
                download the installer and permission to install the software onto your system.</p>
        </prereq>
        <steps id="steps_pwh_q1p_qbc">
            <step>
                <cmd>Download the installer:</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_qwh_q1p_qbc">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Go to the official website of <b>Productivity Plus</b>.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Navigate to the download section.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Download the installer file for your operating system
                            (Windows/Mac/Linux).</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click on the download link to initiate the download process.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Run the Installer:</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_rwh_q1p_qbc">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Once the download is complete, locate the installer file in your
                            Downloads folder or the location specified during the download.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Double-click on the installer file to launch the installation
                            wizard.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Accept the license agreement if prompted.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Choose the installation directory (or use the default location).</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Click "Install" to begin the installation process.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Launch <b>Productivity Plus</b>:</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_swh_q1p_qbc">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>After the installation is complete, locate the <b>Productivity Plus</b>
                            icon on your desktop or in the Start menu (Windows) / Applications
                            folder (Mac).</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Double-click on the icon to launch the application.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Alternatively, you can launch <b>Productivity Plus</b> from the
                            installation directory.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result id="result_twh_q1p_qbc">
            <p>By following these steps, you'll be able to install <b>Productivity Plus</b> on your
                system smoothly and efficiently.</p>
        </result>
        <example id="example_uwh_q1p_qbc">
            <title>Example</title>
            <p>For a detailed walkthrough, watch the following video guide: <xref
                    href="installation-video-guide" scope="external" format="html">Installation
                    Video Guide</xref>.</p>
        </example>
    </taskbody>
</task>
