<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="features-overview">
    <title>Features Overview</title>
    <shortdesc>
       This section provides an overview of the key features of <b>Productivity Plus</b>, helping users understand the main functionalities available to enhance their productivity.
    </shortdesc>
    <body>
        <section>
            <title>Task Management</title>
            <p>Organize tasks efficiently using various tools and options:</p>
            <ul>
                <li><b>Lists:</b> Create and manage task lists to keep track of different projects or categories.</li>
                <li><b>Labels:</b> Use labels to categorize and prioritize tasks.</li>
                <li><b>Due Dates:</b> Set due dates to ensure tasks are completed on time.</li>
                <li><b>Subtasks:</b> Break down complex tasks into smaller, manageable subtasks.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        
        <section>
            <title>Time Tracking</title>
            <p>Monitor and analyze the time spent on tasks:</p>
            <ul>
                <li><b>Timers:</b> Start and stop timers to track the duration of tasks.</li>
                <li><b>Reports:</b> Generate reports to review time spent on various tasks and projects.</li>
                <li><b>Logs:</b> Maintain logs of time entries for accurate tracking and billing.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        
        <section>
            <title>Reminders and Notifications</title>
            <p>Stay on top of your tasks with timely reminders and notifications:</p>
            <ul>
                <li><b>Reminders:</b> Set reminders for important tasks and deadlines.</li>
                <li><b>Notifications:</b> Receive notifications for upcoming tasks, due dates, and updates from team members.</li>
                <li><b>Email Alerts:</b> Get email alerts for critical updates and reminders.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        
        <section>
            <title>Collaboration</title>
            <p>Work seamlessly with team members and collaborate in real-time:</p>
            <ul>
                <li><b>Shared Projects:</b> Share projects with team members to collaborate on tasks.</li>
                <li><b>Comments:</b> Add comments to tasks to provide feedback and updates.</li>
                <li><b>Real-Time Updates:</b> See real-time updates and changes made by team members.</li>
                <li><b>Permissions:</b> Set permissions and access levels for different team members.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        
        <section>
            <title>Integrations</title>
            <p>Enhance your productivity by integrating with other tools and services:</p>
            <ul>
                <li><b>Calendar Integration:</b> Sync tasks and due dates with your calendar.</li>
                <li><b>Email Integration:</b> Create tasks from emails and get notifications in your inbox.</li>
                <li><b>Third-Party Apps:</b> Connect with popular third-party applications to streamline your workflow.</li>
                <li><b>API Access:</b> Use API access to build custom integrations and automations.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
